feat: add fluid-pr skill for Fluid Framework PR creation (#26854)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .claude/skills/fluid-pr/SKILL.md

  - `Remove tree checkout's branch method`
  - `Ensure a summarizer stop request is respected after connecting`

**Never use** the `[bump]` prefix — that is reserved for automated bot PRs.

If the title alone fully describes the change, the `## Description` body section can be omitted — but this is rare. Most changes warrant a Description section.

# PR Body Template

Read `.github/pull_request_template.md` from the repo root and use it as the starting point for the PR body. Fill in each relevant section, then **delete sections and placeholder text that don't apply** — do not leave empty sections.

> CI requirement: the preamble line "Feel free to remove or alter parts of this template..." must be removed from the PR body. Leaving it in will cause the `.github/workflows/pr-validation.yml` check to fail.

## Notes on body sections

- **`## Description`**: Focus on *why* and *impact*, not just what lines changed. For bug fixes, include repro steps or a test that demonstrates the fix.
- **`## Breaking Changes`**: Only include when a change removes or alters public API surface in a way that requires consumer migration. Link the wiki page.

> - **`## Reviewer Guidance`**: Always include the wiki link line. Add content if you have specific asks; delete the placeholder bullets if you don't. If design questions are unresolved, mark the PR as a draft.

Reviewer: Another option would be for the PR to target the dev's own fork, or to provide some practical way for the dev to review it before its pushed.

> - **Azure DevOps work items**: Reference inline in the body as `AB#NNNNN` if applicable. No dedicated section needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Azure DevOps work items**: Reference inline in the body as `AB#<item-id>` if applicable (e.g. `AB#50123`). No dedicated section needed.
```
